elio everyone is mr said and we get
found on white pokemon janusien
for a special little video for you
show how to catch the runaway
the little legendary pokemon
so hoist the good you just have to
see the eighth match
then you left the shrine that is going
give you the master bowl you go back
here and she'll tell you that he's a
strange storm on the road 7 so when
very well trained very well you
take or style and flight you go apart
this thousand you want to sprinkle
push next to the road this loop
in point without anything complicated in
this video you will see that this is
really very very simple but after me
it's going to be pretty fast because I
will use the master bowl for
catch him because he's a runaway
but a passionate fugitive is a little
like the as if no pre-costs and in
pay that is to say that
in fact we can be these cases this thing a
pokemon scene unsa pokéball only one
attack all that and then go away so
it's just right for that so
I do not have but otherwise I could very
well continue it I rap started
attack a place I put it in
the Red
then a second time I am theirs and
Well the third time I have is to
caught him except that precisely I 'm in
video and then I 'm with you what
we are looking for and it's just phase i
and speed and good
explanations or after that if ever
leschi evam or zekrom game if ever
this is the case the two months so tight
charm if ever by the master ball
separates associate that I'm patient so
it's not complicated
it's not complicated it's not complicated
so there is the lady who says but you
take refuge with their ages and all there I
spend a little bit so heavy debt
soup that we said here and there to us
explains that there is a villain this is a
naughty pokemon who does that you 2
August this to make thunderstorms she us
explains that in the morning he is in the south
that in the afternoon he is in the dark and
in the evening it is here so there be you
wait for the evening here to catch it or
it does you like me there it is 3
afternoon hours three o'clock
the afternoon is not the evening by ben
salah time when in the morning since
is not the afternoon I think that's the
so dyed that me do e
What are we going to do
we do pokemon we will steal and so we
will steal or steal
go to town but it's part of
South
here I do you but in town but that
can be any southern city
is logically so there hop on resume
the bike we go here you push yourself
jacques he then here we wait but
in the city
good weather road 5 good weather by ie9
snow so for now it 's not
here at low wages here it is thunderstorms and
here he is
it's beautiful and here is a wild lightning
devices nothing very complicated so the
zumba everybody dance samba
it starts to rain but I
crazy all because I could master
for not an object fight ball master
ball use it and here we talk about it
more the fast and clear the first time
when I think it's beautiful and then
so that's what I advise you
it is to do like me it is either you
go to a region of South Kivu is this
that you are the political beating
you are in a region of the north path
is evening
and then I was lucky enough to
to fall on the first end but otherwise
you can go exactly to the same
place and if but you can not find it
not or do you expect that
that she react nokia no storm you
do that for ie9
you turn back road 5 beats you back
to turn road 5 you do that
does that then after a while
well there will be storm and there
you just have to do nothing again
complicated so there I calm you
present a little bit the famous was
lloris so summary then cautious of
nature encountered at level 40 on the 30th
December 2013 from route 5 very
particular and on the bottom screen you
who did not see it is a sound name its
dazzling it's a trick flying dots
of experience he has 80 miles 1 and he
it takes 6000 to follow to move to
level 41 he has no object and his
attacks his sales and vendetta type
Battle electrical type shock if we
of type 6 anti care and looking forward to small
if so too
Well here I hope that this little
short but very useful video will have you
more and so you see the little bush
who moves there well I will not go there
finally so I tell you good video at the
next come on hi everybody